Overview
As a Senior Software Developer at Susquehanna Sports, you will play a crucial role in designing, coding, and maintaining our next gen analysis and trading platform. We specialise in geopolitical and sports analytics across the globe. This is an opportunity to build out a next gen sports trading system within an early-stage initiative focused on influential product development.
Technology is at the forefront of everything we do at Susquehanna Sports, requiring cutting-edge and innovative technology expertise. Our technologists at Susquehanna Sports enjoy working closely with quantitative researchers on highly complex in-house software that runs on the most modern platforms available, solving a wide range of problems to help us grow. Susquehanna Sports is backed by our industry leading trading business and we’re introducing an initiative that will revolutionize the industry. Our people continue to grow and learn throughout their careers as market demands change the nature of our environment, thanks to our flat structure and collaborative environment.
Join us and be part of a collaborative team that values continuous learning and growth. Are you passionate about sports wagering and trading? Do you thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where innovation is at the forefront? If so, we have an exciting opportunity for you!
What You'll Do
Design and architect complex systems and software solutions from scratch
Build out an order sending system that will allow us to trade at scale, in many sports leagues across multiple exchanges
Integrate reference file and streaming data feeds from multiple vendors
Develop data recording and price evaluation tools
Deliver interactive presentations for business users and stakeholders
Participate in the full software development life cycle, including building, testing and production deployment
What We're Looking For
Experience: proven success in server-side software development, system design and technical event-driven architecture
Skills: strong proficiency in C# with previous Python experience and a solid understanding of Agile development methodologies
Experience with Kafka, Kubernetes and cloud computing is highly desired
Education: Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer science or a related STEM field or equivalent practical experience at the senior level
Interests: a keen interest in sports wagering, trading, and technology. Previous experience working within trading, sports analytics or sports wagering industries is highly preferred
Attributes: self-motivated, detail-oriented, excellent interpersonal and communication skills, and able to adapt to changing priorities
What We Offer
Innovative environment: work on a mixture of highly complex in-house software using the latest platforms
Growth opportunities: continuous learning and career development in a flat, collaborative structure
Mentorship: work with industry veterans and technical experts who are passionate about mentoring and sharing their knowledge
Perks: excellent salary, benefits, and opportunities to attend world sporting events
Team: join a small but growing team of skilled and passionate researchers, quants, and developers
Impact: have a direct impact on technology decisions and contribute to the growth of industry
About Susquehanna
Susquehanna is a global quantitative trading firm powered by scientific rigor, curiosity, and innovation. Our culture is intellectually driven and highly collaborative, bringing together researchers, engineers, and traders to design and deploy impactful strategies in our systematic trading environment. To meet the unique challenges of global markets, Susquehanna applies machine learning and advanced quantitative research to vast datasets in order to uncover actionable insights and build effective strategies. By uniting deep market expertise with cutting-edge technology, we excel in solving complex problems and pushing boundaries together.
If you're a recruiting agency and want to partner with us, please reach out to recruiting@sig.com. Any resume or referral submitted in the absence of a signed agreement will not be eligible for an agency fee.