About Analog Devices
Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI ) is a global semiconductor leader that bridges the physical and digital worlds to enable breakthroughs at the Intelligent Edge. ADI combines analog, digital, and software technologies into solutions that help drive advancements in digitized factories, mobility, and digital healthcare, combat climate change, and reliably connect humans and the world. With revenue of more than $9 billion in FY24 and approximately 24,000 people globally, ADI ensures today's innovators stay Ahead of What's Possible™. Learn more at www.analog.com and on LinkedIn and Twitter (X).
Azure DevOps Engineer With Javascript Experience
We are looking for a DevOps Engineer who has a good mix of Database experience as well as good experience with Cloud Architecture and deployment, ideally on the Azure platform. Experience with Kubernetes and container-based management in general would be helpful also.
The ideal candidate will be passionate and opinionated about ensuring the reliability and security of our Cloud platform and be keen to use their experience and ideas to help streamline the dev, test and deployment of functioning code to the production platform.
Core responsibilities will include planning and deployment of new versions of platform code, managing Dev, Test and Production environments, dealing with production issues, managing the design and deployment of production databases. On the Dev side, the ability to write backend API code with Node.js to support the frontend would be an important requirement.
What you will do:
Manage the testing, deployment and maintenance of our Cloud Databases and Azure Cloud Platform
Be directly responsible for the reliability and security of these APIs and Web Applications on our cloud infrastructure
Working directly with management and the frontend developers to build a new set of APIs for our new platform
Development and maintenance of the backend Node.js APIs
Implementation and maintenance of Azure Cloud Infrastructure (VPN, Azure VPN Gateway, Azure Firewall, IPSEC Tunnels, Azure PrivateLink, etc)
What you need:
A degree in Computer Science or related IT degree
Minimum 5 years of experience with Dev and DevOps roles
Solid Experience with DevOps on Azure cloud specifically
Experience with server-side Javascript (node, express, etc)
Strong knowledge and experience with relational databases (mssql, mysql, etc) and ideally also NoSQL databases (Mongo, etc)
Experience integrating web apps with RESTful APIs.
Comfortable with version control system, e.g. GIT
Strong knowledge of CI/CD and good deployment practices
Reasonable knowledge of HTML, CSS and modern Javascript a bonus.
For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position – except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) – may have to go through an export licensing review process.
Analog Devices is an equal opportunity employer. We foster a culture where everyone has an opportunity to succeed regardless of their race, color, religion, age, ancestry, national origin, social or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, disability, medical condition, genetic information, military or veteran status, union membership, and political affiliation, or any other legally protected group.
Job Req Type: Experienced
Required Travel: Yes, 10% of the time
Shift Type: 1st Shift/Days