EXL (NASDAQ: EXLS)
is a global data and artificial intelligence ("AI") company that offers services and solutions to reinvent client business models, drive better outcomes and unlock growth with speed. EXL harnesses the power of data, AI, and deep industry knowledge to transform businesses, including the world’s leading corporations in industries including insurance, healthcare, banking and financial services, media and retail, among others. EXL was founded in 1999 with the core values of innovation, collaboration, excellence, integrity and respect.
We are headquartered in New York and have more than 60,000 employees spanning six continents. For more information, visit www.exlservice.com.
Role Title:
Senior DevOps Engineer
BU/Segment:
Digital
Location:
Dublin
Employment Type:
Permanent
Summary of the role:
We are seeking a skilled and proactive senior DevOps Engineer to join our growing engineering team. In this role, you’ll take ownership of designing, automating, and maintaining secure and scalable infrastructure and CI/CD pipelines. You’ll work across teams to implement deployment strategies, enforce code quality standards, and streamline the development lifecycle in a cloud-native environment.
As part of your duties, you will be responsible for:
Proficient in developing and managing cloud-based infrastructure on AWS, Azure, or GCP (at least one).
Creating and maintaining deployment architectures and continuous delivery pipelines.
Implementing monitoring frameworks, including dashboards, alerts, and escalation processes.
Collaborating with development teams to streamline deployment workflows and improve DevOps processes.
Hands-on experience with containerization and orchestration tools, ideally Kubernetes (K8s).
Scripting and automation expertise.
Experience with observability tools and monitoring frameworks for system performance optimization.
Solid understanding of security best practices across cloud infrastructure, CI/CD pipelines, and microservices.
Solid understanding of cloud, understanding of containerization (Docker, Kubernetes), and infrastructure-as-code (Terraform, CDK).
Design, build, and manage CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins CloudBees and GitHub Enterprise.
Architect and manage cloud infrastructure, ensuring scalability, availability, and cost efficiency.
Implement secure, least-privilege IAM roles, policies, and permissions across all environments.
Automate infrastructure deployment using Terraform and Terragrunt.
Develop automation scripts in Python and Bash to support deployment, testing, and monitoring workflows.
Manage artifact lifecycle using JFrog Artifactory.
Integrate and maintain code quality and security tools such as SonarQube, Fortify, Prisma Cloud, and Qualys.
Ensure strong observability practices using CloudWatch, Datadog, Prometheus, or equivalent tools.
Qualifications
Minimum 5+ Years of experience in application development & support.
Skills and Personal attributes we would like to have:
AWS/Azure/GCP Certifications (DevOps Engineer, Solutions Architect, or Security Specialty).
As part of a leading global Data and AI company, you can look forward to:
A competitive salary with a generous bonus, private healthcare, life assurance at 4 x your annual salary, income protection insurance, and a rewarding pension.
At
EXL
, we are committed to providing our employees with the tools and resources they need to succeed and excel in their careers. We offer a wide range of professional and personal development opportunities. We also support a range of learning initiatives that allow our employees to build on their existing skills and knowledge. From online courses to seminars and workshops, our employees have the opportunity to enhance their skills and stay up to date with the latest trends and technologies.
As an Equal Opportunity Employer,
EXL
is committed to diversity. Our company does not discriminate based on race, religion, colour, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, age, or disability status.
At
EXL
, we offer a flexible hybrid working model that allows employees to live a balanced, healthy lifestyle while strengthening our culture of collaboration.
To be considered for this role, you must already be eligible to work in the Republic of Ireland.