At eBay, we're more than a global ecommerce leader — we’re changing the way the world shops and sells. Our platform empowers millions of buyers and sellers in more than 190 markets around the world. We’re committed to pushing boundaries and leaving our mark as we reinvent the future of ecommerce for enthusiasts.
Our customers are our compass, authenticity thrives, bold ideas are welcome, and everyone can bring their unique selves to work — every day. We're in this together, sustaining the future of our customers, our company, and our planet.
Join a team of passionate thinkers, innovators, and dreamers — and help us connect people and build communities to create economic opportunity for all.
At eBay, we're more than a global ecommerce leader — we’re changing the way the world shops and sells. Our platform empowers millions of buyers and sellers in more than 190 markets around the world. We’re committed to pushing boundaries and leaving our mark as we reinvent the future of ecommerce for enthusiasts.
Our customers are our compass, authenticity thrives, bold ideas are welcome, and everyone can bring their unique selves to work — every day. We're in this together, sustaining the future of our customers, our company, and our planet.
Join a team of passionate thinkers, innovators, and dreamers — and help us connect people and build communities to create economic opportunity for all.
We’re looking for a motivated mobile app developer to help us build the next generation architecture at eBay. Together, we will delight millions of customers a year.
eBay is a global commerce leader where you can influence how the world buys, sells, and gives. You’ll be part of a work culture that’s been genuinely committed to diversity and inclusion since its founding twenty five years ago. Here, you can be yourself, do your best work, and have a meaningful impact on people across the globe. We seek people with drive, ideas, and a passion for helping small businesses succeed to help shape the future of eBay—does this sound like you? If so, we’d love to talk to you!
Job Functions
You will be a member of our native mobile architecture team, building the next generation of our native application architecture.
Support Core Product developers with debugging Android and new OS feature issues
Work closely with every Core Product domain on feature and architecture implementation
We follow agile practices and focus on continual improvement in our practices, driven from the ground up. We expect you to advocate for improvements in code and culture, and to support your colleagues in the same.
Work well with team members and other teams, dividing up workload appropriately.
Partner and collaborate with other organizations throughout eBay.
Job Requirements
2+ years of experience in designing, building, refactoring and releasing native apps.
Able to own a feature of an Android application and develop it fully.
Proven experience with Kotlin/Java.
Experience with pairing, code reviews, and other techniques to maintain high-quality code and resiliency.
Working knowledge of modern Android APIs, concurrency/coroutines, compose, transitions, animations, client side persistence, and architectural patterns for mobile apps.
Preferred experience with Android Architecture Components, MVVM, and Dagger/other modern DI frameworks.
Experience in Agile/Kanban methodologies and working in Agile teams is desirable.
Experience with AI tooling is a plus.
Benefits
Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Including maternal & paternal leave, paid sabbatical, and plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important.
Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isn’t just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about eBay’s Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/company/diversity-inclusion/
Additional Details
eBay is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you have a need that requires accommodation, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for accommodation as soon as possible. View our accessibility statement to learn more about eBay's commitment to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities.
We use cookies to enhance your experience and may use AI tools for administrative tasks in the hiring process. To learn how we handle your personal data and use AI responsibly, please visit our Talent Privacy Notice, Privacy Center, and AI Hiring Guidelines.