Description
Would you like to be an Engineer that builds the Cloud, rather than an Engineer that just uses it? At AWS, our Engineers look after the behind-the-scenes software and tools that make the world's largest cloud computing infrastructure possible.
We have an amazing opportunity for you to join a world-class network team in a dynamic environment that has the feel of a start-up. As a System Development Engineer you will help to deploy, manage, fix and reinvent the tools, services and components that network engineering rely on to automate our network and keep it operational. Your internal customers are your network engineer colleagues, and through close collaboration, support and exchange of ideas, we share a common goal to serve our external customers and grow through learning and innovation.
If you are exceptionally motivated and passionate about the work you do then we welcome you to join us, working in an Agile environment with the most advanced tools, processes and talented people in the industry to make the Cloud a reality.
What You’ll Be Working On
Simplifying and reinventing systems, processes, and tools to make things better for our customers
Managing and growing innovative, production-quality tools to solve real operational problems for our network
Investigating technical issues scientifically and thoroughly, and assist in fixing them so they don't come back
Providing technical solutions to real business problems in a global organization
Top Reasons To Join Our Team
Be a catalyst to deliver truly disruptive products that are growing rapidly
Define, build, own, and run a service in a high growth environment
Build and influence the tools and utilities that are part of the AWS fleet running our internal services
Learning from industry recognized Amazon distinguished engineers
Key job responsibilities
A SysDE is responsible for maintaining their teams’ services, requiring them to troubleshoot and identify the root causes of any issues that arise within their systems and any subcomponents. A SysDE will utilise testing, monitoring, and validations on their services, tools, and infrastructure to ensure their teams can continuously deploy new versions of the services with minimal interruption. A SysDE will identify areas to invent, refine, and develop automation and tools to reduce manual operations and fulfil the requirements of the business and their customers.
About The Team
The Systems Development team manages all of the software services and platforms that builds, operates, monitors and assures the AWS network within an isolated region.
Basic Qualifications
Knowledge of fundamentals of networking, security, databases (relational or NoSQL), operating systems (Unix, Linux, and/or Windows)
Experience troubleshooting and debugging technical systems, or experience in managing and troublshooting network and experience that includes strong analytical skills, attention to detail, and effective communication abilities
Experience programming with at least one modern language such as Python, Ruby, Golang, Java, C++, C#, Rust
This role requires you to be a national of an EU member state.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience of designing, developing or operating cloud services running on AWS or another cloud platform
Amazon is an equal opportunities employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify and build. Protecting your privacy and the security of your data is a longstanding top priority for Amazon. Please consult our Privacy Notice (https://www.amazon.jobs/en/privacy_page) to know more about how we collect, use and transfer the personal data of our candidates.
Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of protected veteran status, disability, or other legally protected status.
Our inclusive culture empowers Amazonians to deliver the best results for our customers. If you have a disability and need a workplace accommodation or adjustment during the application and hiring process, including support for the interview or onboarding process, please visit https://amazon.jobs/content/en/how-we-hire/accommodations for more information. If the country/region you’re applying in isn’t listed, please contact your Recruiting Partner.
Company
- Amazon Data Services Ireland Limited
Job ID: A10401315