The Client Engagement group helps Squarespace users grow their businesses by enabling them to create, target, and automate email campaigns. We power one-time email sends, automated messages triggered by customer actions, and audience segmentation, helping users deliver the right message to the right people at the right time.
We’re looking for engineers to help build and scale the systems behind campaign creation, audience management, segmentation, and automation. In this role, you’ll collaborate closely with product managers, designers, and other engineers to deliver reliable and intuitive features that help our users engage their audiences.
This is a hybrid role based in our Dublin office. You'll report to the Engineering Team Manager and work alongside a collaborative, high-performing team.
You'll Get To…
Build: Low-latency, robust data pipelines to ingest, combine, and aggregate customer data from multiple internal and external sources, processing millions of data points every day.
Collaborate: Work with product managers to translate our goals into features that deliver value for our users.
Plan: Contribute to architecture discussions and design reviews, helping define how backend systems are built.
Own: Oversee features throughout the development lifecycle, from implementation to launch and maintenance.
Who We're Looking For
3+ years of experience building backend systems in a production environment.
Proficiency in Java, Kotlin, or another object-oriented programming language.
Strong understanding of system design, algorithms, and distributed systems concepts.
Experience with databases such as MongoDB, PostgreSQL, or similar technologies.
Strong communication skills and a collaborative mindset.
Benefits & Perks
Health insurance with 100% covered premiums for you, your spouse or partner and your dependent children including medical, dental, and vision
Life and Income Protection
Fertility and adoption benefits
Headspace mindfulness app subscription
Global Employee Assistance Program
Pension benefits with employer match
Flexible paid time off
26 weeks paid maternity leave & 12 weeks paid paternity leave
2 weeks paid family care leave
Education reimbursement
Employee donation match to community organizations
7 Global Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)
Free lunch and snacks
Close proximity to cultural landmarks such as Dublin Castle and St. Patrick's Cathedral
About Squarespace
Squarespace is a design-driven platform helping entrepreneurs build brands and businesses online. We empower millions of customers in more than 200 countries and territories with all the tools they need to create an online presence, build an audience, monetize, and scale their business. Our suite of products range from websites, domains, ecommerce, and marketing tools, as well as tools for scheduling with Acuity and creating and managing social media presence with Bio Sites and Unfold. Our team of more than 1,700 is headquartered in New York City, with offices in Dublin, Ireland, and Aveiro, Portugal. For more information about our company, visit https://www.squarespace.com/about/careers.
Our Commitment
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customers, but we also work toward the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
Thank you in advance for providing the following details about your work history from your resume! This helps us ensure that your candidate information is accurate and consistent during the hiring process.
Squarespace will never solicit your personal banking information or ask you to transfer money in connection with a job offer or interview. We also will not reach out to you via phone or SMS without your permission or knowledge.
If you plan to use AI in any capacity during your candidate journey, please review our Candidate AI Policy.