Optum is a global organization that delivers care, aided by technology to help millions of people live healthier lives. The work you do with our team will directly improve health outcomes by connecting people with the care, pharmacy benefits, data and resources they need to feel their best. Here, you will find a culture guided by diversity and inclusion, talented peers, comprehensive benefits and career development opportunities. Come make an impact on the communities we serve as you help us advance health equity on a global scale. Join us to start
Caring. Connecting. Growing together.
In healthcare, evolution doesn't just happen. It takes innovation, imagination, and a passion for solving problems in new and better ways. And innovation is taking place at a lightning-fast pace every day at Optum. As the fastest growing part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, we're expanding our team in Ireland and creating excellent opportunities for those who want greater purpose and more impact in their work. We'll provide the investment, support, and resources to advance your career. You'll provide the talent, ambition, and drive.
Do you want to impact decisions to help people live healthier lives? Are you an innovative Data Analyst who thrives on developing new solutions to solve tough challenges?
We want to achieve more in our mission of health care, and so we must be smart about the business of health care. At Optum, we're changing the landscape of our industry. You will put your Data Analyst skills to work as you empower business partners and team members improve healthcare delivery. You will research cutting edge big data tools, and design innovative solutions to solve business problems that only a Data Analyst can.
You will be a critical member of the team that will document business requirements and translate them into technical requirements for both our Data Engineering and Data Science teams. Examples of projects that you will support include: disease prediction, predictive member engagement, and provider segmentation models to support our OptumRx program. You'll be in the driver's seat on vital projects that have strategic importance to our mission of helping people live healthier lives. Yes, we share a mission that inspires. And we need your organizational talents and business discipline to help fuel that mission.
Careers with Optum offer flexible work arrangements and individuals who live and work in the Republic of Ireland will have the opportunity to split their monthly work hours between our Dublin or Letterkenny office and telecommuting from a home-based office in a hybrid work model.
Primary Responsibilities
Work with business partners to define and document business and technical requirements for data and analytics projects, this includes the documentation of data flows and data mapping from source systems into our new analytic platform
Create feature stories and acceptance criteria
Participate in sprint planning and review meetings with related stakeholders, and development team
Assist with QA of features once implemented
Performing user acceptance testing via SQL
Attend and participate in daily scrum team stand-ups
You will be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role, as well as providing development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications
Graduate degree or equivalent qualification
Demonstrated solid understanding of relational database concepts
Proven SQL querying experience
Proven solid experience defining technical requirements
Demonstrated ability to analyze data, drive to root cause issue, identify trends, problem solve and provide key recommendations based on analysis
Demonstrated proficiency with MS Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint
Fluent in English both written and spoken
Preferred Qualifications
Demonstrated knowledge of Agile concepts
Demonstrated excellent communication skills
Proven understanding of HIVE and its components within Big data
Proven Healthcare / Pharmacy experience
Please note you must currently be eligible to work and remain indefinitely without any restrictions in the country to which you are making an application. Proof will be required to support your application.
At UnitedHealth Group, our mission is to help people live healthier lives and make the health system work better for everyone. We believe everyone-of every race, gender, sexuality, age, location and income-deserves the opportunity to live their healthiest life. Today, however, there are still far too many barriers to good health which are disproportionately experienced by people of color, historically marginalized groups and those with lower incomes. We are committed to mitigating our impact on the environment and enabling and delivering equitable care that addresses health disparities and improves health outcomes - an enterprise priority reflected in our mission.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: Optum is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, civil status, family status, sexual orientation, disability, religion, age, race, and membership of the Traveller community, or any other characteristic protected by law. Optum is a drug-free workplace. © 2026 Optum Services (Ireland) Limited. All rights reserved.
#BBMEMEA