Come join us @innalabs
Company Profile
Innalabs is a leading manufacturer of high-performance inertial sensors, including tactical grade, Coriolis vibratory gyroscopes and navigation grade, quartz servo accelerometers. Innalabs offer solutions for the aerospace, subsea, marine, space, energy, industrial, civil engineering, and transportation markets.
Role Purpose
The role of the Inertial Sensor Expert is to lead all aspects of tasks related to the Inertial Sensors for space and non-space including design requirement definitions and reviews, roadmaps and competitor analysis, IP management and to support the development, maintain and improve engineering processes and promote a process and date driven culture throughout the organization.
Key responsibilities of the role
· INL Inertial Sensor Product Roadmap
· Business Development and Market and Product expertise
· IP Management and Protection.
· Supporting and reviewing all technical-related matters during all phases of the space projects (from development to production of complex space products).
· Support the development, maintain and improvement of a engineering processes and ensuring compliance throughout the Organisation.
· Participating in design /engineering reviews.
· Participating in customers'/suppliers’ reviews.
· Supporting space projects internal/external audit.
Experience & Qualifications
Minimum 10 years’ experience working as AOCS Engineering/ Inertial Sensor Engineer position in a highly regulated environment (Aerospace, defense and space).
Minimum 5 years’ experience in the development/production of a space application product following ECSS standards and participating in PDR/CDR/QR type of reviews.
Specialized knowledge
Expert in Inertial Sensor Technologies, usage and testing.
Knowledge of the Competitive Market
Experience in Business Development and Sales Competencies
Engineering and Quality processes
Configuration control management
IP and Patent Management
Standard practical knowledge
ECSS or equivalent
EN9100
ISO 9001
Skills
Detail-oriented
Process orientated
Well organized
Customer satisfaction focused
The capacity of adaptation/flexibility
Team player
Relevant Engineering degree (Electronic, manufacturing, and processes).
Proficiency in MS Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Visio, and MS Proj
Special Requirements
The need for travel outside of Ireland is mandatory (supplier meeting/review/audit and customer meeting, review).
Benefits
Competitive Salary
Healthcare
Pension
Income Protection
Free Parking
22 days annual leave (Increases with service)